we just didn't really we weren't really
ourselves everyone was trying to be
someone else or like fit a bigger
purpose instead of just trying to kind
of like figure out how everyone is in
their essence and then just kind of
match each other together it is the last
weekend of summer split week 9 with
coverage presented by Omni slash I'm
joined right now by mithy who's a great
person interview love interview with
thee and we're yeah and things are
looking up for TSM basically like I
gotta say there's all this hype like oh
she has some object like chance I might
not be able to as they can't be up and
then you guys just smash them it was
supposed to be the match of the week and
then they just make it really easy it's
kind of boring yeah I mean I was also
pretty excited came really focused into
the game I think everyone in our team
have been going through a lot and I felt
like we were pretty like yeah I just
felt very cohesive going into the game
and like even if I we had a rough early
game and pretty sure we would have come
through yeah yeah I mean what what was
it was all you guys turning it on that
was able to allow you to smash him or
because I interviewed Peter right before
this and he was saying that he always
believes in TSM because all you guys
have played under pressure for so long
maybe optic didn't have that I don't
know what's your take it's possible I
know you know I think that draft was
pretty strange and there's a lot of
zillion like at least I'm just talking
formatting right there's a lot of
zillions in Europe I mean kissing and
all that so I I knew what I was
going into and yeah I played with
confidence I I knew what I was supposed
to do and how I'm supposed to play and
pretty much smashed I'm pretty hard yeah
we're good now where do you think the
team or TSM is at in terms of strength
compared to the other teams because for
a while you guys were struggling now it
feels like the redemption arc is coming
in how do you feel about the strength of
the team yeah I mean I don't really want
to say something I don't mean right now
it feels like we understand what we need
from each other a lot more
so just playing the game feels better
everyone I just feel a lot more
comfortable playing myself and I'm sure
my teammates do do so too whenever we
lose a game our discussions about why we
lost are a lot like everyone kind of is
on the same page of why we lost and
things just are just easier right now
because we've been gone we've been
together for nearly another year but you
know like a long time now so yeah things
are starting to fall into place where we
understand each other better and yeah I
feel like we're on the rise I don't know
if we're gonna just the bed or not
but it definitely feels a lot better
yeah what ended up making all this click
because I mean it's just
I interviewed hunter last week he was
saying that it wasn't until recently
that you guys were able to really start
fixing the core problems like what what
allowed you guys to come out overcome
all this not really sure what to say
about it I think we just started to be
more honest with ourselves and with each
other and yeah I think so for myself I I
came in from Europe and at least I can
speak for myself right like I come from
Europe and there's like this misty guy
everyone has this expectations of Who I
am and what I do and I have my own
expectations for myself and I was kind
of stuck in that circle I think my
teammates were stuck on looking at me in
that circle and it was the same for
every single one of my teammates we just
didn't really we weren't really
ourselves everyone was trying to be
someone else or like fit a bigger
purpose instead of just trying to kind
of like figure out how everyone is in
their essence and then just kind of
match each other together so that's
something we've been working on quite a
bit and it's yeah it's getting better so
yeah it just feels a lot more
comfortable to play with my teammates
and it's showing I guess yeah her thing
is going off Alden
yeah he's definitely helping with that
too he I mean he does a lot of I want to
say dumb because I don't have the right
description for it but there's a lot of
things that are just funny but they're
necessary for the team to just
like make that step like we were all
nerds we don't really have like that
outgoing mentality where we bring the
bring the group together like kind of
like form that sense of brotherhood and
he's helping out with that because yeah
we were pretty introverted so I really
think he is very helpful and yeah it's
just something in a lot of teams should
just have inbuilt I think the TSM
culture in at least when I first arrived
was more of a pressure culture you know
like when you lose it just didn't really
feel like the team was losing it was
about who up who is the bad
player you know instead of just kind of
like playing as a group and yeah I think
that's kind of being dissected a little
bit now so it's just getting better so I
mean yeah hunter implied there's a lot
of weird stuff that he makes you guys
too that bring you all together it kind
of creates like a moment where you're
like screw Weldon we're all victims here
let's all work together
that happens through yeah I mean there's
there's just like a lot of exercises and
a lot of pep talks and just a lot of
random stuff that ends up working out so
you're like we don't want to do this
anymore so we better start waiting so
they can set this Walter guy away
there's another part
Harth was onstage this is what I heard I
missed it cuz I was interviewing
somebody else but he was onstage yeah we
decided that since for her there's a
possibility to play tiebreakers we
should put part in because he usually
it up so I just thought it would
be a good idea do you explain it
was well last time as far as I remember
there was like this
tiebreaker burrows were past parts just
kind of up the whole draft so we
meeting him about it and yeah that's
maybe one of the reasons why we put in
here bringing back the El Clasico yeah
he has to he has the tiebreaker
experience no but why put him on stage
well he's been he's been she's been
doing so much for us this displayed he's
been working really hard with I on top
of being a manager he's basically being
part of the coaching staff kind of like
being the head coach for art for a team
and
kind of like structuring everything
helping out with anything possible and
just putting so much time and work into
the team and yeah I mean the the whole
coaching stuff works together to draft
and yeah eventually I guess the staff
decided that parth was yeah was the
right call to go onstage right well now
we understand what's going on there
beyond all that is this all-consuming
for you right now are you does the team
have anything else that they can do
outside I mean are you guys going out to
movies you playing any other video games
just talking stinky he's level 120 in
World of Warcraft
and they look great so I don't know yeah
I asked I asked Jensen to he told me
yeah yeah of course I'm live 120 know we
we played some Nexus blitz that's the
that's like the the biggest leap we've
we've gone through we've gone to movies
we go for dinner but we don't really
like it's not the same as Europe and
I've seen something I've been trying to
kind of work towards because for me I
even though I'm I'm very anti-social
most for the most part and I I i do not
mind being at home and like just being
in front of my computer the whole day
there are times where I need that social
interaction and that's something I've
been lacking a lot in na and I
definitely have had periods in here
where I felt really lonely so yeah just
that's something I express to my team
and I think they're making the effort to
kind of like you know help me out with
that and yeah overall everyone is like
taking a little bit of a leap and just
doing more stuff for each other and it's
it feels better yeah what do you think
of next to splits I think it's really
fun yeah yeah I think it's really
fun what do you like about it I
I'm excited to hear pro players embrace
it because normally in pro players are
sort of just shoo out things that are
more casual friendly but you oughta pro
players seem to like it yeah I mean ah
they're just everything about it it's
just hilariously fun the only thing that
I dislike is that there's no ego system
so I get to play against people that are
too bad so I I like stomp the games
sometimes most
notice I'm cocky you know but if I
actually if the games are actually match
that I was playing against some other
players that were actually good I think
the game would be really fun to play do
you have any pro tips for next two
splits players I know I just so I kind
of read a little bit about it like to
see what Sophie and stuff but I just
been trying to play what I find fun
just whatever champion is fun and has
like some mechanical ability I play like
I don't play Pike for example because I
heard it's really Opie and I already can
play Pike well so yeah I've been I've
been a fond of rye grass this whole
split so I've been playing some grass in
excess played and it's just quite fun
obviously it's not a really good
champion but for the thing it's the
situation but yeah fun for sure great
well looking forward to seeing more that
your team is leaving so I'm going to let
you go as well is there anything that
you want to say to any of your fans out
there thank you guys for supporting us
through the all the bad things that mean
we've been going through lately and I
don't know how much TSM Legends kind of
reflects that I don't really want you
guys to judge just from that because
I've been getting some really weird
comments too about whatever goes on in
there but yeah in general just thank you
guys I've been getting some pretty
message like pretty pretty nice messages
I'm really grateful for I mean those
those people that I've answered really
know who they are and yeah I'm just
thank you guys for just staying with us
and keep supporting us well thank you so
much for the interview I'll let you
catch up with your teammates or anyone
else you can check out the rest my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel I want to
thank only slash so much for the support
of my content they're on a train right
now a train that you could be on and
that's the Travis trained to get on that
train subscribe to the youtube channel
hit up my twitch we're stopping at all
the different stops alright this is a
train and it's going what's going far so
get on the train and ride it ride that
Travis train